Update with tabs, 2 spaces, or 4 spaces indicator (#2)
abemassry/powerline-term-config: README.md

cd ~/.janus
git clone https://github.com/Yggdroot/indentLine.git
```

For tabs vs spaces indicator add the following to: `/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/powerline/segments/vim/__init__.py`
```
@requires_segment_info
def tabs_indicator(pl, segment_info):

> 	return vim.eval('TabsOrSpaces()')

Author: how does `vim.eval()` work?
is it vimscript, python or something else?

```

Add the following to: `/usr/share/powerline/config_files/themes/vim/default.json`
After the paste indicator
```
{
	"function": "tabs_indicator",
	"priority": 10
},
```

> Add the follwing to `/usr/share/powerline/config_files/colorschemes/vim/default.json`

Author: ```suggestion
Add the following to `/usr/share/powerline/config_files/colorschemes/vim/default.json`
after the paste indicator section
```
